To compile, use
% make all

Run the server
% ./server > trafficLogFile

Run the clients using
% ./cve <serverAddress> > logfile

E.g.
% ./cve cslin-gps > logfile

The game will run four single-player games (the first one slower than normal)
followed by four collaborative games. To skip straight to collaborative games
set START_COLLABORATIVE to 1 in cve.cc (set to 0 otherwise). Then recompile with
% make cve

The training process will still appear but can be skipped with the Return key.

To exit the game press the Escape key.

If the resolution of the screen is altered when the game has ended, then use
Ctrl-Alt-<NumPad+> or Ctrl-Alt-<NumPad-> to change the resolution back again.

For evaluation purposes the server should increase the rate of new block creation.
This is NOT set as it stands (because it requires resetting the server between
games). See the comments in server.cc for details of setting this up.

The game is controlled using the mouse and keyboard. Many people prefer to use
the arrow keys to move around, with 'Home' and 'End' for up and down. People
who play games a lot sometimes prefer to use the 'W', 'A', 'S' and 'D' keys,
with 'C' and 'Spacebar'. Both alternatives are accepted.

The left mouse button rotates blocks. The right mouse button translates blocks.

To invert the mouse-look set invertMouse to true.

The game should be compatible with windows because of the use of GLUT, but
network code would need to be changed.

Known issues:
  Problem: in collaborative games, due to unsynchronised game ends, clients may
  miss a block or all the blocks in a new game.

  Solution: if this occurs, exit and set START_COLLABORATIVE in cve.cc, reset the
  server, recompile and give it another go.

  Problem: continous manipulation of a block that has just been created prevents
  it from falling and results in the creation of a new block appearing in the
  same place and therefore ending the game.

  Solutions: let blocks fall down a layer before manipulating them, or move them
  out of the centre, or don't manipulate them continuously for a long period of
  time when they appear.

  Problem: in collaborative games, the blocks on the slave computer 'jump'.

  Solution: this is because they are matching the master computer.
  Synchronisation errors are corrected but sometimes there is a delay and so a
  change is observed. The first person to enter the collaborative game becomes
  the 'master', so try taking it in turns to be that person.
